	 
	Sanitize the input so it can't be over 160 characters and it can only contain letters numbers and certain punctuation. 
	get rid of the "not in the system text" and whatever it was hackily covering up
	create a message retry after a message is sent do a callback and if the message is undelivered, try 5 more times before failing. 

	Add the ability to register a new user through text messages with sanitation. 


	Add garbage cleaner to clean up pending departs and pending responses after x amount of time
	Add a cronjob to re-seed the database at 3 in the morning central time with a flash message afterwards


	Code cleanup
	Write tests


	Write tests

SPan make text or name different colors in text box.

	IT would be cool if the text interaction on the website looked like a phone or was inside of an iphone.
	And on an actual phone, it filled up the width of the screen as just a textbox
	2) Add input validation and make it so you can't save a blank first or last name or location
	OWASP security sheeet
	3) Add front page and authentication
	You can register by text and then at the end of a successful registration it give you instructions
7) Garbage Cleaner for pending en route stuff
8) Code Clean-up
9) Review
10) Texting demo
11) How it works demo
12) Done!
13) Add simple regexer for last name misspelled
14) Add accountability checker - messages all active and as answers come in, it gives the updated percentage to the managers
15) Add middle name column that is then messed with if you have two of the exact same names. 
16) So you can have a site showing the people being tracked and sort them by location that's updated by ajax every time the db is updated. on the left is a chat window for you to interact with the db like a tech demo. 

Cron job to recreate database at 3 AM US
Cron Job to 
Bonus

12) Fuzzy spell checker
13) ETA
14) Evening alert
15) Create passthrough
16) Toggle auto-forward

NEXT - Acknowledge message for database update
Build /demo page that has a text box which scrolls as text is put into it. duplicate that. how does it send the number from the form. keep it from submitting after you type a text
24 hour reset for database cronjob. 

Maybe sitrep should group the locations rather than do alphabetical ?
OR it can group names by the group they were texted with so you can see, damiano, sievert, hukill are at psab. maybe it writes it that way. 

Stretch some day:

4) Gather messages for duplicates and non-duplicates



TODO
1 - spell checker - fuzzy gem
2 - Garbage cleaner rake task - 
	figure out cleaner for each model
3 - Create seed for star wars demo or different theme demo
	It would be cool if the fake phones on there were like real
	phones with pictures of the character so it replicated the 
	texts well. including green and blue messages. 
6 - Add front page where names and info can be edited (with password)
	investigate on the right way to do this
	Iterate through each record and display all stuff followed by edit, delete buttons and after you hit edit it makes a save button
	make it look pretty
	add authentication
7 - Add text based personnel add/remove/update for manager
8 - add acknowledgement texts when marked in transit and arrived
9 - Add ETA feature
10 - Add evening alert
11 - create passthrough texting feature
12 - Toggle autoforward
13 - instructions response for help
14 - needs to be a way to gather all messages for departure arrival and send a summary to ricci so it's just one alert. at a minimum, it takes destinations that are spelled the same and consolidates them for alerts.
15 - code cleanup
16 - review
17 - how it works video
18 - texting light demo
19 - create /demo path that has a thing you can type in, like
chat window, and have it communicate with the controller

Maybe there's a thing where if someone in country hasn't updated their status in more than a day it automatically asks them for an update?

front end part
- gets employees in controller before redirecting to the page
- iterates through each employee and lists all fields across in some sort of table
- edit button next to each one, if you click it, it changes all fields to be edited.
- once you finish editing it you can click save and it gets that data and updates the database
- you can also add a new employee or delete each employee
- each line/employee has an edit and a save button. 
	- on edit, it changes that line to a bunch of forms. then on save it calls update on the database and does something to prevent sql injection
- 


ack message - if no duplicates call the ack message,
if duplicates, after pending messages cleared call ack message
